BD-1369: Set subscription group status via CSV - MERGE 5/3 (#3498)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/user_data_collection/user_import.md

| `push_subscribe` | String | Available values are `opted_in` (explicitly registered to receive push messages), `unsubscribed` (explicitly opted out of push messages), and `subscribed` (neither opted in nor out). | No |
| `time_zone` | String | Time zone must be passed to Braze in the same format as the IANA Time Zone Database (e.g., `America/New_York` or `Eastern Time (US & Canada)`).  | No |
| `date_of_first_session` <br><br> `date_of_last_session`| String | May be passed in one of the following ISO8601 formats: <br> - "YYYY-MM-DD" <br> - "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00" <br> - "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ" <br> - "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS" (e.g., `2019-11-20T18:38:57`) | No |

> | `subscription_group_id` | String | The `id` of your subscription group | No |

Reviewer: Is `id` how we communicate this to our users? I guess so, based on the subscriptions group UI. Do we need to go so far as to say something like:

"The `id` of your subscription group, found in the table on the Subscription Groups page"?

> | `subscription_group_id` | String | The `id` of your subscription group | No |

Author: ```suggestion
| `subscription_group_id` | String | The `id` of your subscription group. This identifier can be found on the subscription group page of your dashboard. | No |
```

> | `subscription_state` | String | Available values are `unsubscribed` (not in subscription group) or `subscribed` (in subscription group). | Yes if `subscription_group_id` is used |

Reviewer: I think `Required` should be `No` here - because if you don't include `subscription_state` but do include `subscription_group_id` it doesn't stop the row from importing. It just keeps us from updating the group state.

Reviewer: That said, I do still think we need to communicate the relationship. How about:
```
The subscription state for the subscription group specified by `subscription_group_id`. Allowed values are `unsubscribed` (not in subscription group) or `subscribed` (in subscription group).
```

> | `subscription_state` | String | Available values are `unsubscribed` (not in subscription group) or `subscribed` (in subscription group). | Yes if `subscription_group_id` is used |

Author: ```suggestion
| `subscription_state` | String | The subscription state for the subscription group specified by `subscription_group_id`. Allowed values are `unsubscribed` (not in subscription group) or `subscribed` (in subscription group). | No, but strongly recommended if `subscription_group_id` is used |
```

For uploading these kinds of values, use the [User Track Endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/rest_api/user_data/#user-track-endpoint).
{% endalert %}

> ### Updating subscription group status

Reviewer: Do we need to include any information on how these interact with `email_subscribe`?

Author: @ianabels

Reviewer 2: @KellieHawks  @jooshbzm I don't think we need to - if anything I'd say we refer out to the User Subscriptions page for more info on how Subscription Groups work (_*/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/managing_user_subscriptions#subscription-groups_) for more information

You can add users into email or SMS subscription groups via user import. This is particularly useful for SMS, since a user must be enrolled into an SMS subscription group to be messaged via the SMS channel. For more information, refer to [SMS subscription groups]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/sms_subscription_group/#subscription-group-mms-enablement).

If you are updating subscription group status, you must have the following two columns in your CSV:

- `subscription_group_id`: The `id` of the [subscription group]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/managing_user_subscriptions/#subscription-groups).
- `subscription_state`: Available values are `unsubscribed` (not in subscription group) or `subscribed` (in subscription group).

> ![Subscription group update csv example][9]{: style="max-width:80%" }

Reviewer 3: @KellieHawks, since this is a small table snippet, can we use a text table here instead of a screenshot here?
